feat(perf): Update docs on key transactions (#2683)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/index.mdx

- Unique Users
- [User Misery](/product/performance/metrics/#user-misery)

> If you have transactions you frequently return to; you can mark up to ten transactions as a key transaction by clicking on the star in the corresponding row. This ensures that key transactions will always be surfaced to the top. You can also mark a transaction as a key transaction in their corresponding [summary views](/product/performance/transaction-summary/#key-transaction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have transactions you frequently return to, you can mark up to 10 transactions as a key transaction by clicking the star in the corresponding row. Clicking the star ensures that these key transactions are always surfaced to the top of the list. You can also mark a transaction as a key transaction in its corresponding [summary view](/product/performance/transaction-summary/#key-transaction).
```
